Update custom-domains documentation (#698)
brefphp/bref: docs/environment/custom-domains.md

After waiting for the DNS change to propagate (sometimes up to 24 hours) your website is now accessible via your custom domain.

> You can also take a look at the plugin [serverless-domain-manager](https://www.serverless.com/plugins/serverless-domain-manager).  

> > It handle the custom domain creation and optionnally add the route53 record if asked (You'll still have to manage the certificate creation).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It handles the custom domain creation and optionally adds the Route53 record if asked. It is still necessary to create the ACM certificate manually.
```

Author: Ouch my english needs more practice ^^
